Release cleanup (#48)
aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog for AWS IoT Device Defender Library

## v1.1.1 (July 2021)

### Updates

>  - [#45](https://github.com/aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/pull/45) Remove parenthesis from key name macros to enable concatinating them with other string literals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [#45](https://github.com/aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/pull/45) Remove parentheses from key name macros to enable concatenating them with other string literals.
```
